feat: activate zksync (#442)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240805_AaveV3ZkSync_AaveV3ZkSyncActivation/AaveV3ZkSyncActivation.md

## Specification

> **For extra caution and security, the zkSync instance is being activated with low supply and borrow caps to allow for extensive internal testing for few days, post which the caps would be raised by the guardian after being communicated on the governance forum.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For extra caution and security, the zkSync instance is being activated with low supply and borrow caps to allow for extensive internal testing for a few days, post which the caps would be raised by the guardian after being communicated on the governance forum.**
```

> **For extra caution and security, the zkSync instance is being activated with low supply and borrow caps to allow for extensive internal testing for a few days, post which the caps would be raised by the guardian after being communicated on the governance forum.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**For extra caution and security, the zkSync instance is being activated with low supply and borrow caps (approximately $5'000 value each asset) to allow for extensive internal testing for a few days. This proposal authorises the Aave Protocol Guardian to raise the caps to the voted expected levels once the technical providers confirm everything working correctly, on the Aave governance forum**
```
